DOCS-9118 ServiceNow 6.7 (#1062)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: servicenow/6.7/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= ServiceNow Connector 6.7 - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::servicenow/servicenow-about.adoc, connectors::servicenow/servicenow-to-use.adoc, connectors::servicenow/servicenow-connector.adoc

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

Anypoint Connector for ServiceNow (ServiceNow Connector) provides connections between Mule runtime engine (Mule) and ServiceNow apps.
Use the ServiceNow operations with the custom ServiceNow tables, along with any operations available through the installed plugins.

For compatibility information and fixed issues, see the ServiceNow Connector Release Notes.

== Prerequisites

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* Anypoint Connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements in a Mule flow and global elements
* How to create a Mule app using Design Center or Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have access to the ServiceNow target resource and Anypoint Platform.

== Audience

> * New user
> +
> To create your Mule app,
> see xref:servicenow-connector-studio.adoc[Studio Configuration].
> * Advanced user
> +
> Read the xref:servicenow-connector-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]
> and xref:servicenow-connector-examples.adoc[Examples] topics.
> The Examples topic provides one or more use cases for using the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New users, read
** xref:servicenow-connector-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure the Connector] to create your Mule app
* Advanced users, read:
** xref:servicenow-connector-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]
** xref:servicenow-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], which provides one or more use cases for the connector
```

Reviewer: Also, I would move the Audiences section afterwards the Common Use Cases for the Connector

> == Common Use Cases For the Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Common Use Cases for the Connector
```

Author: Kim says to use For. I don't remember what she told me but there was a reason.

ServiceNow Connector enables organizations to fully integrate business processes across HR, legal, procurement, operations, marketing, and facilities departments.

> Creating connectivity within and outside the enterprise is quick and simple with connectivity to over 120 Anypoint connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating connectivity within and outside of the enterprise is quick and simple with the integration of over 120 Anypoint Connectors.
```

Use ServiceNow Connector to create instant API connectivity with the ServiceNow API, and quickly and easily interface with ServiceNow from within Anypoint Platform.

> xref:servicenow-connector-examples.adoc[Example] use cases includes getting a ServiceNow incident record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For examples, see xref:servicenow-connector-examples.adoc[example use cases], which include getting a ServiceNow incident record.
```

```suggestion
For examples, see xref:servicenow-connector-examples.adoc[Examples].
```
